"Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much.""Mr. Dursley was the director of a firm called Grunnings, which made drills.""Mr. Dursley was the director of a firm called Grunnings, which made drills.""Mrs. Dursley was thin and blonde and had nearly twice the usual amount of neck, which came in very useful as she spent so much of her time craning over garden fences, spying on the neighbors.""The Dursleys had a small son called Dudley and in their opinion there was no finer boy anywhere. ""The Dursleys had a small son called Dudley and in their opinion there was no finer boy anywhere. ""The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, and their greatest fear was that somebody would discover it.""They didnt think they could bear it if anyone found out about the Potters.""Mrs. Potter was Mrs. Dursleys sister, but they hadnt met for several years; in fact, Mrs. Dursley pretended she didnt have a sister, because her sister and her good-for-nothing husband were as unDursleyish as it was possible to be.""Mrs. Potter was Mrs. Dursleys sister, but they hadnt met for several years; in fact, Mrs. Dursley pretended she didnt have a sister, because her sister and her good-for-nothing husband were as unDursleyish as it was possible to be.""Mrs. Potter was Mrs. Dursleys sister, but they hadnt met for several years; in fact, Mrs. Dursley pretended she didnt have a sister, because her sister and her good-for-nothing husband were as unDursleyish as it was possible to be.""The Dursleys shuddered to think what the neighbors would say if the Potters arrived in the street.""This boy was another good reason for keeping the Potters away; they didnt want Dudley mixing with a child like that. ""When Mr. and Mrs. Dursley woke up on the dull, gray Tuesday""When Mr. and Mrs. Dursley woke up on the dull, gray Tuesday""Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for work, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming ""Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for work, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming ""At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls. """At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls. """At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls. """At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls. """At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls. """Little tyke," chortled Mr. Dursley as he left the house.""He got into his car and backed out of number fours drive. ""It was on the corner of the street that he noticed the first sign of something peculiar - a cat reading a map.""For a second, Mr. Dursley didnt realize what he had seen - then he jerked his head around to look again.""For a second, Mr. Dursley didnt realize what he had seen - then he jerked his head around to look again.""There was a tabby cat standing on the corner of Privet Drive, but there wasnt a map in sight.""Mr. Dursley blinked and stared at the cat.""As Mr. Dursley drove around the corner and up the road, he watched the cat in his mirror.""It was now reading the sign that said Privet Drive - no, looking at the sign; cats couldnt read maps or signs.""Mr. Dursley gave himself a little shake and put the cat out of his mind.""As he drove toward town he thought of nothing except a large order of drills he was hoping to get that day. ""Mr. Dursley couldnt bear people who dressed in funny clothes - the getups you saw on young people!""Mr. Dursley was enraged to see that a couple of them werent young at all; why, that man had to be older than he was, and wearing an emerald-green cloak!""But then it struck Mr. Dursley that this was probably some ""The traffic moved on and a few minutes later, Mr. Dursley arrived in the Grunnings parking lot, his mind back on drills. ""The traffic moved on and a few minutes later, Mr. Dursley arrived in the Grunnings parking lot, his mind back on drills. ""The traffic moved on and a few minutes later, Mr. Dursley arrived in the Grunnings parking lot, his mind back on drills. ""Mr. Dursley always sat with his back to the window in his office on the ninth floor.""Mr. Dursley always sat with his back to the window in his office on the ninth floor.""If he hadnt, he might have found it harder to concentrate on drills that morning.""Most of them had never seen an owl even at nighttime.""Mr. Dursley, however, had a perfectly normal, owl-free morning.""He yelled at five different people.""Hed forgotten all about the people in cloaks until he passed a group of them next to the bakers."""The Potters, thats right, thats what I heard""yes, their son, Harry" Mr. Dursley stopped dead.""yes, their son, Harry" Mr. Dursley stopped dead.""He was sure there were lots of people called Potter who had a son called Harry.""Come to think of it, he wasnt even sure his nephew was called Harry.""It might have been Harvey.""Or Harold.""There was no point in worrying Mrs. Dursley; she always got so upset at any mention of her sister.""He found it a lot harder to concentrate on drills that afternoon""and when he left the building at five oclock, he was still so worried that he walked straight into someone just outside the door. ""It was a few seconds before Mr. Dursley realized that the man was wearing a violet cloak.""It was a few seconds before Mr. Dursley realized that the man was wearing a violet cloak.""On the contrary, his face split into a wide smile and he said in a squeaky voice that made passersby stare, "Dont be sorry, my dear sir, for nothing could upset me today!""last!Even Muggles like yourself should be celebrating, this happy, happy day!" ""And the old man hugged Mr. Dursley around the middle and walked off. ""Mr. Dursley stood rooted to the spot.""He also thought he had been called a Muggle, whatever that was.""As he pulled into the driveway of number four, the first thing he saw - """Shoo!" said Mr. Dursley loudly."""Shoo!" said Mr. Dursley loudly.""Mr. Dursley wondered.""Mrs. Dursley had had a nice, normal day.""Mrs. Dursley had had a nice, normal day.""Next Doors problems with her daughter and how Dudley had learned a new word ("Wont!") .""Next Doors problems with her daughter and how Dudley had learned a new word ("Wont!") .""Mr. Dursley tried to act normally.""When Dudley had been put to bed, he went into the living room in time to catch the last report on the evening news: """And finally, bird-watchers everywhere have reported that the nations owls have been behaving very unusually today.""Although owls normally hunt at night and are hardly ever seen in daylight, there have been hundreds of sightings of these birds flying in every direction since sunrise.""Although owls normally hunt at night and are hardly ever seen in daylight, there have been hundreds of sightings of these birds flying in every direction since sunrise.""Although owls normally hunt at night and are hardly ever seen in daylight, there have been hundreds of sightings of these birds flying in every direction since sunrise.""And now, over to Jim McGuffin with the weather.""Going to be any more showers of owls tonight, Jim?" ""Going to be any more showers of owls tonight, Jim?" """Well, Ted," said the weatherman, "I dont know about that, but its not only the owls that have been acting oddly today."""Well, Ted," said the weatherman, "I dont know about that, but its not only the owls that have been acting oddly today.""Viewers as far apart as Kent, Yorkshire, and Dundee have been phoning in to tell me that instead of the rain I promised yesterday, theyve had a downpour of shooting stars!""Viewers as far apart as Kent, Yorkshire, and Dundee have been phoning in to tell me that instead of the rain I promised yesterday, theyve had a downpour of shooting stars!""Viewers as far apart as Kent, Yorkshire, and Dundee have been phoning in to tell me that instead of the rain I promised yesterday, theyve had a downpour of shooting stars!""Viewers as far apart as Kent, Yorkshire, and Dundee have been phoning in to tell me that instead of the rain I promised yesterday, theyve had a downpour of shooting stars!""Perhaps people have been celebrating Bonfire Night early -""its not until next week, folks!""But I can promise a wet night tonight." ""Mr. Dursley sat frozen in his armchair.""Shooting stars all over Britain? ""And a whisper, a whisper about the Potters... Mrs. Dursley came into the living room carrying two cups of tea.""And a whisper, a whisper about the Potters... Mrs. Dursley came into the living room carrying two cups of tea.""As he had expected, Mrs. Dursley looked shocked and angry."""Funny stuff on the news," Mr. Dursley mumbled.""and there were a lot of funny-looking people in town today..." """So?" snapped Mrs. Dursley. ""Mrs. Dursley sipped her tea through pursed lips.""Mr. Dursley wondered whether he dared tell her hed heard the name "Potter."""hed be about Dudleys age now, wouldnt he?" """I suppose so," said Mrs. Dursley stiffly. """Whats his name again?Howard, isnt it?" """Harry."""Oh, yes," said Mr. Dursley, his heart sinking horribly.""While Mrs. Dursley was in the bathroom, Mr. Dursley crept to the bedroom window and peered down into the front garden.""While Mrs. Dursley was in the bathroom, Mr. Dursley crept to the bedroom window and peered down into the front garden.""It was staring down Privet Drive as though it were waiting for something. ""Mrs. Dursley fell asleep quickly but Mr. Dursley lay awake, turning it all over in his mind.""Mrs. Dursley fell asleep quickly but Mr. Dursley lay awake, turning it all over in his mind.""His last, comforting thought before he fell asleep was that even if the Potters were involved, there was no reason for them to come near him and Mrs. Dursley.""The Potters knew very well what he and Petunia thought about them and their kind....""He couldnt see how he and Petunia could get mixed up in anything that might be going on - he yawned and turned over -""Mr. Dursley might have been drifting into an uneasy sleep, but the cat on the wall outside was showing no sign of sleepiness.""It was sitting as still as a statue, its eyes fixed unblinkingly on the far corner of Privet Drive.""It didnt so much as quiver when a car door slammed on the next street, nor when two owls swooped overhead.""In fact, it was nearly midnight before the cat moved at all. ""Nothing like this man had ever been seen on Privet Drive.""His blue eyes were light, bright, and sparkling behind half-moon spectacles and his nose was very long and crooked, as though it had been broken at least twice.""This mans name was Albus Dumbledore. ""Albus Dumbledore didnt seem to realize that he had just arrived in a street where everything from his name to his boots was unwelcome.""Twelve times he clicked the Put-Outer, until the only lights left on the whole street were two tiny pinpricks in the distance, which were the eyes of the cat watching him.""Twelve times he clicked the Put-Outer, until the only lights left on the whole street were two tiny pinpricks in the distance, which were the eyes of the cat watching him.""Twelve times he clicked the Put-Outer, until the only lights left on the whole street were two tiny pinpricks in the distance, which were the eyes of the cat watching him.""Mrs. Dursley, they wouldnt be able to see anything that was happening down on the pavement.""Dumbledore slipped the Put-Outer back inside his cloak and set off down the street toward number four, where he sat down on the wall next to the cat.""Dumbledore slipped the Put-Outer back inside his cloak and set off down the street toward number four, where he sat down on the wall next to the cat.""I have did not look at Item, but despues de to moment""I have spoke to Item. """Fancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall. " ""I have turned to smile at the tabby, but Item had gone.""rather severe-looking woman quien was wearing square glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around its eyes."""How did you know Item was me?"""Youd be stiff if youd been sitting on to brick wall all day, " said Professor McGonagall. """All day?""When you could have been Entering the day by delivering it by delivering it by making a difference?""I must have passed to dozen feasts and parties on my way here. " ""Professor McGonagall sniffed angrily. ""And it is, everyones Entering the day by delivering it by delivering it by making a difference, all right, " she said impatiently. """I heard Item.""Flocks of owls...""Shooting stars down in Kent - Ill bet ""that was Dedalus Diggle."""You can not blame them, " said Dumbledore gently."""Weve had precious little to celebrate for eleven years. " """I know that, " said Professor McGonagall irritably.""the streets in broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes, swapping rumors. " ""She threw to sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, ace though hoping ""TO fine thing Item would be if, on the look and day YouKnow-Who seems to have disappeared at last"", the Muggles found out about us all.""I suppose I have really have gone, Dumbledore? " """Item certainly seems SW, " said Dumbledore.""Theyre to kind of Muggle sweet""Im rather fond of" "Do not, thank you, " said Professor McGonagall coldly, ace though she did not think Este was the moment for lemon drops.""Im rather fond of" "Do not, thank you, " said Professor McGonagall coldly, ace though she did not think Este was the moment for lemon drops."""My dear Professor, surely to sensitive person like yourself dog call him by his yam?""Know-Who  nonsense - for eleven years I have been trying to persuade people to call him by his proper yam: Voldemort. """Know-Who  nonsense - for eleven years I have been trying to persuade people to call him by his proper yam: Voldemort. """Professor McGonagall flinched, but Dumbledore, quien was unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to notice.""Professor McGonagall flinched, but Dumbledore, quien was unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to notice.""Professor McGonagall flinched, but Dumbledore, quien was unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to notice.""Professor McGonagall flinched, but Dumbledore, quien was unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to notice.""I have never seen any reason to be frightened of saying Voldemorts yam. """I know you haven t, said Professor McGonagall, sounding half """I know you haven t, said Professor McGonagall, sounding half ""exasperated, half admiring.""the only one You-Know-""oh, all right, Voldemort, was frightened of. " """You flatter me, " said Dumbledore calmly."""Voldemort had powers I will never have. " ""I have not blushed SW much since Madam Pomfrey told me she liked my new earmuffs. " Professor McGonagall shot to sharp look at Dumbledore and said, "The owls are nothing next to the rumors that are flying around.""I have not blushed SW much since Madam Pomfrey told me she liked my new earmuffs. " Professor McGonagall shot to sharp look at Dumbledore and said, "The owls are nothing next to the rumors that are flying around.""I have not blushed SW much since Madam Pomfrey told me she liked my new earmuffs. " Professor McGonagall shot to sharp look at Dumbledore and said, "The owls are nothing next to the rumors that are flying around.""About que finally stopped him?""Item seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point she was most anxious to Discuss, the real reason she had been waiting on to cold, hard wall all day, for neither ace to cat nor ace to woman had she fixed ""Item seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point she was most anxious to Discuss, the real reason she had been waiting on to cold, hard wall all day, for neither ace to cat nor ace to woman had she fixed ""Item seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point she was most anxious to Discuss, the real reason she had been waiting on to cold, hard wall all day, for neither ace to cat nor ace to woman had she fixed ""Dumbledore with such to piercing stare ace she did now.""Item was plain that whatever "everybody" was saying, she was not going to believe Item until ""Item was plain that whatever "everybody" was saying, she was not going to believe Item until ""Dumbledore told her Item was true.""Dumbledore told her Item was true.""Dumbledore, however, was choosing another lemon drop and did not answer. """que theyre saying, " she pressed on, "is that last night Voldemort turned up in Godrics Hollow."""que theyre saying, " she pressed on, "is that last night Voldemort turned up in Godrics Hollow."""que theyre saying, " she pressed on, "is that last night Voldemort turned up in Godrics Hollow."""que theyre saying, " she pressed on, "is that last night Voldemort turned up in Godrics Hollow.""I have went to find the Potters.""The rumor is that Lily and James Potter are - are - that theyre - dead. " ""The rumor is that Lily and James Potter are - are - that theyre - dead. " ""Dumbledore bowed his head.""Professor McGonagall gasped. """Lily and James... I can not believe Item..."""Lily and James... I can not believe Item..."""Lily and James... I can not believe Item...""I did not want to believe Item... ""Oh, Albus... " Dumbledore reached out and patted her on the shoulder.""Professor McGonagalls voice trembled ace""Theyre saying I have tried to kill the Potters They are, Harry.""Do not one knows why, or how, but theyre saying that when I have could not kill Harry Potter,""Voldemorts power somehow broke - and thats why hes gone. ""Dumbledore nodded glumly. ""faltered Professor McGonagall.""but how in the yam of heaven did Harry survive? " """We dog only Guess, " said Dumbledore.""Professor McGonagall pulled out to lace handkerchief and dabbed at her eyes beneath her spectacles.""Dumbledore gave to great sniff ace I have took to golden watch""desde his pocket and examined Item.""Item had twelve hands but do not numbers; instead of, little planets were moving around the edge.""Item had twelve hands but do not numbers; instead of, little planets were moving around the edge.""Item must have made sense to Dumbledore, though, because I have put Item back in his pocket and said, "Hagrids late.""Item must have made sense to Dumbledore, though, because I have put Item back in his pocket and said, "Hagrids late.""Item must have made sense to Dumbledore, though, because I have put Item back in his pocket and said, "Hagrids late.""I suppose Item was ""quien told you Id be here, by the way? " """And it is, " said Professor McGonagall."""Ive eat to bring Harry to his aunt and uncle.""Theyre the only Familia """You no mean - you can not mean the people quien live here?""" cried Professor McGonagall, jumping to her feet and pointing at number four. """ cried Professor McGonagall, jumping to her feet and pointing at number four. ""You could not find two people quien are less like us.""You could not find two people quien are less like us.""Harry Potter eat and live here! " """Its the best place for him, " said Dumbledore firmly.""" repeated Professor McGonagall faintly, sitting back down on the wall. """legend - I would not be surprised if today was known ace Harry Potter day ""legend - I would not be surprised if today was known ace Harry Potter day ""in the future - there will be books written about Harry - every child in our world will know his yam! " """Exactly, " said Dumbledore, looking look and seriously over the top of his half-moon glasses.""desde all that until hes ready to take Item? " ""Professor McGonagall open her mouth, changed her mind, swallowed, and ""But how is the boy getting here, Dumbledore?""She eyed his cloak suddenly ace though she thought I have might be hiding Harry underneath Item. """Hagrids bringing him. " ""I would trust Hagrid with my life, " said Dumbledore. """Im not saying his heart is not in the right place, " said Professor McGonagall grudgingly, "but""eleven ""; Item swelled to to roar ace they both looked up at the sky - and to huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of them. ""If the motorcycle was huge, Item was nothing to the man sitting astride Item.""If the motorcycle was huge, Item was nothing to the man sitting astride Item.""I have was almost twice ace tall ace to normal man and at at least five times ace wide."""Hagrid, " said Dumbledore, sounding relieved."""Borrowed Item, Professor Dumbledore, sit, " said the giant, climbing carefully off the motorcycle ace I have spoke."""Borrowed Item, Professor Dumbledore, sit, " said the giant, climbing carefully off the motorcycle ace I have spoke.""Young Sirius Black slow Item""Young Sirius Black slow Item"""Do not, sir - house was almost destroyed, but I got him out all right before the Muggles started swarmin  around.""flyin  over Bristol board. " ""Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall bent forward over the bundle of blankets.""Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall bent forward over the bundle of blankets."""Is that where -? " whispered Professor McGonagall. """And it is, " said Dumbledore."""Could not you do something about Item, Dumbledore? " """Could not you do something about Item, Dumbledore? " ""I have one myself above my left knee that is to perfect map of the London Underground.""I have one myself above my left knee that is to perfect map of the London Underground.""Dumbledore took Harry in his arms and turned to the Dursleys house. ""Dumbledore took Harry in his arms and turned to the Dursleys house. ""Dumbledore took Harry in his arms and turned to the Dursleys house. """Could I - could I say good-bye to him, sir? " asked Hagrid.""I have bent his great, shaggy head over Harry and gave him que must have been to look and scratchy, whiskery kiss.""I have bent his great, shaggy head over Harry and gave him que must have been to look and scratchy, whiskery kiss.""Then, suddenly, Hagrid let out to howl like to """Shhh! " hissed Professor McGonagall, "youll wake the Muggles! " """Shhh! " hissed Professor McGonagall, "youll wake the Muggles! " """Ss-sorry, " sobbed Hagrid, taking out to large, spotted handkerchief and burying his face in Item."""Ss-sorry, " sobbed Hagrid, taking out to large, spotted handkerchief and burying his face in Item."""But I cc-cant stand Item - Lily an  James dead - an  poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles -" """But I cc-cant stand Item - Lily an  James dead - an  poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles -" """But I cc-cant stand Item - Lily an  James dead - an  poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles -" """And it is, And it is, its all look and sad, but get to grip on yourself, Hagrid, or ""well be found, " Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm ace Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to the front door.""I have laid Harry gently on the doorstep, took to letter out of his cloak, tucked Item inside Harrys blankets, and then came back to the other two.""I have laid Harry gently on the doorstep, took to letter out of his cloak, tucked Item inside Harrys blankets, and then came back to the other two.""I have laid Harry gently on the doorstep, took to letter out of his cloak, tucked Item inside Harrys blankets, and then came back to the other two.""I have laid Harry gently on the doorstep, took to letter out of his cloak, tucked Item inside Harrys blankets, and then came back to the other two.""For to full minute the three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrids shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling Light that usually shone desde ""For to full minute the three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrids shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling Light that usually shone desde ""For to full minute the three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrids shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling Light that usually shone desde ""Dumbledores eyes seemed to have gone out. """Well, " said Dumbledore finally, "thats that."""Yeah, " said Hagrid in to look and muffled voice, "Ill be takin""Gnight, Professor McGonagall - Professor Dumbledore, sir. " ""Gnight, Professor McGonagall - Professor Dumbledore, sir. " ""Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself onto the motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with to roar Item rose into the air and off into the night. ""Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself onto the motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with to roar Item rose into the air and off into the night. ""Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself onto the motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with to roar Item rose into the air and off into the night. """I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall, " said Dumbledore, nodding to her."""I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall, " said Dumbledore, nodding to her.""Professor McGonagall blew her I dont know in reply. ""Dumbledore turned and walked back down the street.""On the corner I have stopped and took out the silver Put-Outer.""I have clicked Item eleven, and twelve balls of Light lawn back to their street lamps SW that Privet Drive glowed suddenly orange""I have clicked Item eleven, and twelve balls of Light lawn back to their street lamps SW that Privet Drive glowed suddenly orange""I have clicked Item eleven, and twelve balls of Light lawn back to their street lamps SW that Privet Drive glowed suddenly orange""I have could just see the bundle of blankets on the step of number four. """Good luck, Harry, " I have murmured.""TO breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and "